add: ETCM-9694 governed-map insert command (#657)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: changelog.md

* `governance init` when genesis utxo had a script attached, then transaction fee was sometimes calculated incorrectly

## Added

> * `key-value insert` command, that inserts a key-value pair into the key-value store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key-value insert` command, that inserts a key-value pair into the governed map
```
